To get the source code:
git clone git@github.com:georgeciobanu/thegame.git

There are two folders: 
magical (this is the Rails backend) and 
DoMinions - this is the XCode project (frontend)
The dotcloud.yml file is there for when we have to deploy - feel free to install the DotCloud client: http://docs.dotcloud.com/firststeps/install/
Dotcloud credentials:
geo.ciobanu@gmail.com
1ntr0ducere

For Rails:
rvm install 1.9.3-p125 --with-gcc=clang
rvm --default use 1.9.3-p125
gem uninstall rails
gem install rails

Then go to the 'magical' folder and run 
bundle install to install everything needed for Rails

For the frontend, install the latest version of XCode and then the iOS SDK. Latest should be fine.



Documentation on the stack

Scheduler 
The scheduler that allows us to delay attacks uses a Ruby worker.
It is configured using two files: 
-supervisord.conf and
-worker.rb

When you run supervisord it looks for the .conf file in the current dir and starts and monitors a daemon with the instructions in the 'program' section.

The worker.rb script loads the Rails environment (it uses the same Gemfile) and then starts a scheduler instance.

The scheduler periodically checks the DB (jobs are stored in the db) and if any jobs need to be executed it does so and then deletes the job.

It is *very* hard to configure and debug the scheduler. Do not mess with it without asking first or I will come for you. Fair warning.
First check the logs (see supervisord.conf).
If all else fails 
-edit the attack_job.rb file to create a new object (of any kind) every time the job is run
-ssh into the rails instance, run 'rails c' and then this script:
while true
  # Replace User with whatever object you are creating above
  puts User.last.id
  sleep 2
  system('clear)
end

It's a hacky way to monitor but it works.

TODO: Automatically start the service after deployment using a postInstall script
NOTE: Since the two apps share the same folder, make sure to only start it for the worker instance
See http://docs.dotcloud.com/guides/environment/

It should be possible to run them from different folders but I am sick of this particular task (for now).

Everything else: coming soon!